
1. Build a Clothes Recommendation System
One of the best ideas to start experimenting you hands-on PHP projects for students is working on clothes recommendation system. In this project, you’ll use PHP to build a recommendation system for an online clothing store. Your solution can take user data, such as their previous purchases, the products in their wishlist, and the product they looked at, to recommend them related products. You can use collaborative filtering to provide accurate and efficient recommendations because it can identify similarities between users. 

Such recommendation systems are quite popular among E-commerce stores. The most efficient and powerful recommendation system is Amazon’s. You can take a look at their system to get inspiration for this project. 

2. Customer Relationship Management for ISP


This is an excellent PHP projects for beginners. You can create a CRM solution with PHP that allows an Internet Service Provider to handle customer complaints effectively. ISPs get different kinds of complaints, and by using CRM software, they can classify them according to their category. This way, they can resolve complaints faster and improve their customer experience. 

You can take your CRM software a step further and give ISPs additional features. For example, you can add a feature that alerts the customer when their plan is close to its expiration date. You can also add the functionality to send personalized internet plans to customers according to their past data use. Building a CRM solution will give you experience in many areas, including product development, classification, and user experience. 

Check out: PHP Developer Salary in India

3. Predict Movie Success through Data Mining
Do you like to critique movies and figure out whether it was a hit or flop? Well, in this project, you’ll be using PHP to predict the success of a particular movie.

To begin with, you can use historical data of different constituents of the movie, such as its actors, producer, genre, and music. You can also take various factors that influence the success of a film into account, for example, what other movies are coming with the movie in question? Is the movie releasing near a holiday? These are crucial factors that play a massive role in determining the success of a movie in the box office. 

Apart from data, you’ll need to add different classes for the movies (hit, flop, average). The admin of the system should have the option to add all the details about the film including its cast, production house, etc. The admin can also add the details of upcoming movies in the system. By using the historical data of a movie’s constituents, your system can predict the success of a film. If the last movies of the lead actors were hits, then this film could be a hit too. You’ll enjoy working on this project, that’s for sure. Mentioning PHP projects can help your resume look much more interesting than others.

4. Fake Review Identification


Fake reviews can damage the credibility of a platform substantially. For example, many sellers had added fake positive reviews on Amazon because positive reviews help in generating more sales for a product. Amazon has implemented many measures to mitigate counterfeit reviews on its platform, but you can understand what a huge problem this is. 

You can build a fake review identifying system by using PHP. Your system can focus on user IDs to see if the same user profile has given multiple reviews on different products in the same tone and wordings. You can also add a few keywords in your system to help it identify fake reviews.

For example, fake reviews tend to be way more positive than average. They are vague and contain filler words. You can also feed your system organic reviews so it can classify standard reviews from fake ones. As you can see, you can build quite an effective and powerful false review identification system with PHP.  

5. Data Mining Implementation for Secure Learning
One of the best ideas to start experimenting you hands-on PHP projects for students is working on Data mining implementation. The pandemic has triggered a significant shift in the learning sector. People are now more inclined to learn from online platforms as they reduce human contact and help them stay safe. A significant problem for online learning platforms is piracy and security. You can create a solution for this issue through PHP. 

These platforms have to keep a lot of data with them, such as their course details, student records, study material, and others. You can build a security solution by using PHP to ensure this data remains safe.

You can use decryption and encryption techniques to keep the courses secure and prevent any breach. PHP is an excellent tool for cybersecurity, and if you’ve been interested in this field, then this project would be perfect for you. Your security implementation would ensure that only authorized people (instructors and students) can access the course material and no one else. 

Also read: Full Stack Development Project Ideas

6. Detect Net Banking Phishing


This is one of the interesting PHP project ideas to create. Online banking has undoubtedly become one of the most popular transaction methods these days. While it’s a great solution, it has its risks as well, among which the most prominent one is phishing. Phishing websites in this field ask users to provide their sensitive data (password, account details, etc.) and use this data for wrong reasons. You can create a PHP solution that detects such websites. 

For this project, you’ll need to build a flexible and intelligent solution that uses classification algorithms. A data mining classification algorithm can classify multiple websites according to their legitimacy. To ensure your algorithm is accurate and behaves optimally, you’ll need to add certain features of phishing websites and train your model with them.

The Domain Authority, URL identity, level of encryption on the website are some features you can use to classify these websites. Using a data mining algorithm would be better than other classification algorithms. It’s one of the most sophisticated PHP projects you’d work on. 

7. Predict User Behaviour
This is one of the trending PHP projects. After completing this project, you’d have a lot of experience in A/B Testing and user behavior, both of which are necessary skills in the digital industry. You can use session web mining to predict user behavior in this project. 

First, you’ll have to create a session file from which you’ll extract user sessions. Your built system would display the most relevant page (or information) to the user according to the created session. You’ll need some user data before creating sessions. Apart from that, you’ll have to clean the data and identify the right course for the right user. 

Data cleaning will help you in getting rid of unnecessary bits of information because they can hinder the performance of your system. After you’ve cleaned the data, you’ll need to associate different sessions with different users. You can then analyze user behaviors by studying how long they stayed on a page and how much time they spent on a particular section of it. 

8. A Chatbot for Students
In this PHP project, you’d build a bot that analyzes a user’s messages and queries to reply accordingly. It’s a web app that answers students’ queries. You can make it a college query bot, so students don’t have to visit the college physically to get their answers. They can simply use this web application and remove their doubts.

Your chatbot will have to use artificial intelligence to analyze user queries effectively and give the required replies. If the bot doesn’t provide a relevant response to a user’s question, he/she can give feedback on the same so that the bot can improve its accuracy. The admin can see the incorrect replies of the bot and modify them to enhance it further. The admin should also have the option to delete invalid responses of the bot. 

To take it a step further, you can add a visual user interface, which makes it seem like the user is talking to a person. The chatbot can give the students updates on college events and activities as well. You’d get to use your knowledge of PHP, artificial intelligence, and user interface in this project. Learn more about how to create chatbot with Python.

9. Portal for Doctors
So, why not use your skills to develop an impressive PHP project based on healthcare?  PHP has many capabilities, and in this project, you’ll get to use them. You can build a portal for doctors and patients where they can interact. Patients can book appointments on the portal according to their schedule and the available timings of the doctors. This is one of the interesting PHP projects.

This portal can reduce a lot of hassle from the appointment booking process and enhance its efficiency. Doctors would also have the benefit of managing their various appointments on the portal quickly. The system would display available slots to the patients, and they can select which one they want to choose. 

You can add several other features for doctors too. For example, the portal could allow doctors to save a patient’s medical records in the database. This way, the patient’s profile would have a consistent medical record whenever he/she logs in to their account. Accessing and storing patient records can become quite simple this way. 

You can add an organ donor section where people can register for organ donation. It can allow medical professionals to find urgent organ donors in cases of emergencies within a few seconds. 

10. Product Rating System According to Customer Reviews
You must’ve seen product rating systems on prominent E-commerce platforms. These systems reflect the average rating of the customer reviews to help a visitor understand the popular opinion on a product (or service). It’s a great solution to enhance customer experience while allowing the organization to know how they can serve them better.

Your rating system would need an algorithm to track all the customer reviews and manage them. You can mine and match specific keywords present in customer reviews to your database for opinion mining. 

You can create a sentiment analyzing solution that finds specific keywords in a customer’s review and determines whether it was good or bad. On the other hand, you can follow the ‘Star rating system’ and show the average of the 5-star ratings people give to a product. 

You should ensure that your system has the feature to add product listings on it. You can go to Amazon and take a look at their product rating system to get inspiration for this project. 

Learn more: How to Design an Amazing E-commerce Website!

11. College Admission Prediction System
It’s one of the advanced level PHP project ideas. You’ll have to create an admission predictor that tells students what college they will get according to their grades and test results. 

The admin of the application should have the option to add the college and batch details. It would have to check the selection requirements of different colleges and compare them with the results of a student to make the prediction. 

Your admission prediction system would be able to automate the seat allotment process of colleges as well. The admin would have the ability to allow the seats according to the selection criteria and save the details in the system. This project would test your problem-solving skills and help you create an efficient PHP-based solution. And this is the perfect idea for your next PHP project!

12. Social Network System for Job Placement
In this project, you’ll create a web application that connects recruiters and potential candidates. In essence, it would be a social network that enables people to communicate with each other and thus find suitable opportunities. You can take inspiration from major social media platforms such as LinkedIn and Facebook. Facebook is based on PHP, so you can easily imitate some of its features. 

The platform would allow recruiters to post a job opening along with its description and other details. The system would require the following functionalities to work optimally:

A registration window where a person can join the network
An option of responding to posts so people can share their opinion through comments or other methods (such as ‘Likes’)
An option to post images
The admin would be responsible for allowing a person to start an account on the platform.
A chatting system so one user can talk with another. 
13. Review Mining for Restaurants
This is one of the most exciting PHP projects we have on this list. You’d have to create a system that detects people’s sentiments in their feedback. It would use opinion-mining to deliver the desired results. 

It would be a web application that takes feedback from multiple users, and according to its analysis of that feedback, it’d figure out whether the particular restaurant is good or bad. You’d need to use a database that has multiple keywords of both categories (good and bad). For example, ‘Terrible’ would be a negative keyword, and ‘Best’ would be a positive one.

Once built, you can use this system for different restaurants, and the admin of the app would have the option to add new restaurants, keywords, and feedback. It’s excellent that has a lot of utility in the online food industry. You’ll learn a lot from this project. And this is the perfect idea for your next PHP project!

15. Automate Time Table Creation
“So many courses and so little time.”

This is one of the interesting PHP projects. Time management is a significant issue for students. To manage their different courses and subjects, they create time tables. A time table has to fit in all of the classes and courses a student attends while making sure that none of them coincide. Apart from this problem, it should also ensure that all the subjects get the required amount of time so the student can study them properly.

In this project, you’ll have to build a custom algorithm that uses a timetable object. Your timetable object should have objects for different classrooms (Class Objects) along with a fitness score. The Fitness Score would depend on the times the timetable crashes due to the different calendars of various classes.

The Class object would have Week objects, which would have Days, and Days would have Time Slots. A Time Slot should have an address in which the teacher and student are related.

You should use a composite configuration design so you can add obligations. Mentioning PHP projects for the final year can help your resume look much more interesting than others.



